recalculate stats and another filtering step (#769)
AlexsLemonade/training-modules: scRNA-seq/04-dimension_reduction_scRNA.Rmd

Now we will perform the same normalization steps we did in a previous dataset, using `scran::computeSumFactors()` and `scater::logNormCounts()`.
You might recall that there is a bit of randomness in some of these calculations, so we should be sure to have used `set.seed()` earlier in the notebook for reproducibility.

```{r sumfactors}
# Cluster similar cells
qclust <- scran::quickCluster(filtered_sce)

# Compute sum factors for each cell cluster grouping.
filtered_sce <- scran::computeSumFactors(filtered_sce, clusters = qclust, positive = FALSE)
```

It turns out in this case we end up with some negative size factors.
This is usually an indication that our filtering was not stringent enough, and there remain a number of cells or genes with nearly zero counts.

> This probably happened when some cells had many UMIs from the genes we removed in the last filtering.

Reviewer: The wording of this sentence could use another pass, but not sure what to suggest, since I don't quite follow it.

Author: How about this?
```suggestion
This probably happened when we removed the infrequently-expressed genes; cells which had high counts from those particular genes (and few others) could have had their total counts dramatically reduced.
```

To account for this, we will recalculate the per-cell stats and filter out low counts.

> Unfortunately, to do this, we need to first remove the previously calculated statistics, which we will do by setting them to `NULL`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unfortunately, to do this, we need to first remove the previously calculated statistics, which we will do by setting them to `NULL`.
```
